# Aircrack-ng-Suite

Overview: In this repository I will be covering what the aircrack-ng suite is, how i've been using it, and my thoughts on it. 

Intro to the aircrack-ng suite: The reason why I referred to it as the aircrack-ng suite is because it's comprised of multiple tools that can be used. Aircrack-ng is mainly used for testing the security of wireless networks, some additional features include monitoring, pre-connection attacking and testing the network. These tools also play a vital part in cracking WEP, WPA, and WPA2 encryption. 

My experience with Aircrack-ng Suite: Within my homelab i've used aircrack-ng to crack my own personal wifi encryption which was WPA2 encryption (Luckily I have a mother that supports me as well as my goals, what im trying to say is that I had consent).Therefore, I was able to explore further with the attacks that would be unethical without consent by targeting my own network. This included executing DDOS/DOS attacks with aireplay-ng and analysing the traffic with wireshark (with aireplay-ng being my favorite tool hence the name "NaeemF-ng", specific targeting of wireless networks using airodump-ng, WPA2 encryption cracking, discovering all the other wireless networks in my neighborhood (which is the same as seeing what wifi is available as if it was done via phone, JUST DISCOVERY NOTHING MORE), etc. I realized that many people use WPA2 and WPA encryption, and very few people used WEP which is understandable because WEP encryption is very old, resulting in easier exploitation. I'll be showcasing a personal project on the aircrack-ng suite as to ellaborate because this is just a overview, check it out if interested.

My Thoughts on the aircrack-ng suite: I really enjoy this sets of tools, to reiterate aireplay-ng is my favorite tool as of right now. I enjoy the offensive side of cybersecurity so launching the DDOS attacks were cool to do.
